Add form validation rules (#161)
wmde/fundraising-frontend-content: README.md

### What template syntax is allowed?
Only `{% include %}` and `{$ variable $}` statements.

### Where is the regex in data/validation.json used?
These are being shared and used for client and server side validation. Currently, they're being used in the following places:

> * The Fundraising Frontend app ouputs them as application vars to be used by Vuejs for client side form validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Fundraising Frontend app outputs them as application vars used by Vuejs for client side form validation.
```
